[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a romantic fantasy
adventure film
stardust spoiler ahead watch out and
take care
on the land of england a peaceful
village called wall is isolated by a
circle of low dry stone wall
outside the village there is a magical
kingdom called stormhold
where witches and wizards live as well
as other magical creatures
an old man is sent to guard the only gap
in the dry stone wall day and night
because the villagers are forbidden to
step into stormhold
the villager handsome is so hooked by
the beauty and hormones of a blonde girl
however blonde is nothing but a gold
digger that prefers another rich admirer
but she is happy to enjoy handsome's
hormone flirt
on a romantic midnight picnic that costs
poor handsome's life savings
while the two horny youngsters are
flirting with each other a shooting star
flashes over their heads
and lands somewhere in stormhold the
trampy blonde promises that she will
marry handsome
as long as he brings her the star
handsome can't waste any time
and tries to cross the gap to search for
the fallen star
however he's definitely not a match to
the old guard
who just knocks him down like a piece of
[ __ ] forcing handsome to flee away with
a bruised eye
back home seeing his innocent son is
bothered by some dirty hormone [ __ ]
hansen's dad then shows him a short
chain with a shocking secret
19 years ago the father sneaked out of
the gap and met a woman in a market in
the magical kingdom
the woman forced to sell him a flower in
exchange for her deep to throat tongue
massage service
driven by her straightforward hormone
hint the father played a two-minute
hormone game with a woman in her
master's caravan
fantastic but too fast later the woman
explained that she is the princess of
stormhole
but kept as a slave by an ugly red hair
witch who tied her with an enchanted
chain
that could never be broken just like the
tango
it takes two to play a hormone game the
father returned to wall and spent nine
boring months
without hormones let go one day however
the fat baby handsome was brought to him
by the guard together with a letter from
hanson's mom and a magical candle
according to the letter the candle can
take one to wherever he wants
after it is lit then the father lights
the candle
making handsome disappear momentarily in
a bright flash
handsome is soon sent to the crater
where he flies into a strange girl's
arms
he realizes that's because he's thinking
about the shooting star's landing place
when the candle burns he hopes to get
information about the shooting stars
from the strange girl
surprisingly the girl says she is the
shooting star and her name is a vain
a vein is shot down by a gemstone
necklace and thus falls from the sky
on the other hand just a while ago in a
tall palace of stormhold
the prince murdered one of his brothers
by pushing him out of a window
so that fewer heirs to the throne were
left soon the newly dead prince's soul
joined his other three dead brothers
spirits
it turns out the dead prince's souls are
cursed to wander around their alive
brothers
until a new king is crowned after
murdering his 11 brothers to secure his
power
the old dying king was rather happy to
see his sons were following his example
on account of his missing daughter the
dying king didn't want to designate a
crown prince among the three alive
princes
but announced an untraditional way he
took off his necklace
and erased the red colour off from a
huge ruby pendant by magic
saying whoever can recolor the ruby will
be the next king
the three princes waited until her
father lost his last breath
and tried to grab the floating necklace
however the necklace flew out and went
higher
until it happened to hit a shooting star
which bounced the necklace back all the
way down to the ground
the shooting star became a vein and she
put the necklace on
believing that it's a gift and
compensation to the fallen angel
after knowing a vain is the shooting
star handsome ties her with a short
magical chain
his father gave him planning to present
her as a gift for the trampy blonde
avain agrees to follow handsome to wall
only if he sends her back to the sky
by using the rest of his magical candle
after walking a long time
evan needs to take a rest handsome ties
her to a tree
then goes to find food when the night
falls again
a unicorn comes out of the woods and
frees a vein
she then runs away on the unicorn in
heavy rain and is soaking wet when she
arrives at a roadside inn
the landlady serves a vein a warm bath a
comfortable bed
and even offers to massage a vein with
her fingers instead of her soft tongue
however when a vein closes her eyes the
landlady reaches a knife under the bed
and about to cut a evan's heart out it's
shown that the landlady is actually a
dark witch
who also sees the shooting star with her
two shitty sisters
to regain their youth the three saggy
faced which sisters had feasted on a
heart of a girl
who was a fallen star hundreds of years
ago unfortunately
the power of a star heart runs out
slowly in the past few hundred years
resulting in their horrible saggy face
again evan's appearance brings hope to
the witch sisters
after eating the last bit of the star
heart they have left one of them
transforms into a young woman
and plays the landlady waiting to hunt
for a vein's heart as planned
when the dark which is about to cut a
vein's heart out someone bangs on the
door heavily
is a prince with a messy beard who
requires accommodation for a night due
to the pouring rain
minutes ago handsome convinced this
prince to give him a ride in his
carriage
after they encountered each other in the
woods so they searched forward in the
dark
and finally happened to find the horse
tell due to the interruption the dark
which plan to finish the annoying messy
bearded prince first
she offers him a cup of poison wine
however the messy bearded prince vows to
take nobody's drink
after he sees one of his brothers gets
killed by poison wine
the impatient dark which grabs her knife
under a vein's bed
and slits the prince's throat while he
is soaking himself in the bath
handsome comes into the hall after he
rests the horses in the stable
and sees the dark which approaches a
vein with a knife
handsome lights the rest of his magic
candle in the fire that the dark which
creates to trap them
then he and a vein escape in a blast as
soon as the candle is lit
however handsome and a vein are bothered
by their different choices
of going to the wall or the sky the
candle fulfills both of their wishes
and brings them to a piece of cloud up
in between while they are blaming each
other for making them end up in such a
crappy place
surrounded by lighting and heavy rain a
huge net comes out of nowhere
and drags the two down to a flying ship
that contains a crew who hunts and sells
lighting for a living
the kind captain transforms handsome
into an attractive and capable man
by teaching him how to dress smartly to
show his hormone magnet
meanwhile the captain teaches a vein how
to dance
under the encouragement of the captain
handsome and evane turn more intimate
than before
after a happy journey on the ship the
capitan offers handsome a tube of
lightning
before he drops off handsome and a vein
a vein is willing to go to the wall with
handsome
and helps him win his trampy blonde on
the way to walt
they encounter the red hair which hansom
asks her for a ride
the grumpy red hair which transfers
handsome into a mouse
and totally ignores a vein who is trying
to fight her
however the red hair cannot see or touch
a vein
just because she has been cursed by the
dark witch who tries to get rid of any
rival for the heart of the fallen star
looking at the lovely new handsome evan
tells her admiration to him
luckily the red hair later removes her
curse on handsome
and drops the two in a market near the
wall in a hotel
handsome and evan confess their love for
each other and spend a fantastic
but lightning-fast hormone night the
next morning handsome cut a lock of the
vein's hair
and goes downstairs asks the servant to
tell evan that he is going to end what's
between him and the trampy blonde
and he will come back to be with a vein
forever
there blonde loves to see this fresh
handsome with hormone magnet
and want to offer her blonde body to him
immediately
handsome presents evan's hair to blonde
and admits that he is into another girl
he intends to show her a vein's hair in
the handkerchief which however
has turned into stardust scaring the
[ __ ] out of blonde's admirer in an
instant
right then handsome realizes that a vein
cannot survive in the human world
otherwise she will be turned into dust
handsome rushes back to the gap
anxiously
hoping to stop a vein from staying in
wall a vein feels cheated
when she wakes up with no handsome
around and plans to find the hormone
hunter back herself
unfortunately she encounters the dark
witch and the red hair which at the gap
the two witches fall into a fight but
after killing the red hair with her last
magical power
the dark witch changes into a
saggy-faced old woman
then she takes the red haired slave
handsome's mom
and a vein to her place following the
guard's instructions
handsome arrives at the dark witch's
place and sees the last ally prince
coming to fight for the necklace then
the prince in black and handsome start
their fight with the witch sisters
during the chaos friends in black knives
one which sister down
while handsome sets free the animals the
witch is kept in torture
causing another witch sister to be
devoured immediately
with the magic played on a voodoo doll
the dark which easily takes control of
the rampaging prince in black
she tortures him a lot before drowning
him finally
now seven princes are all dead and their
spirits are joined together for a happy
family reunion
at that critical moment my use of the
tube of lightning given by the captain
handsome strikes the dark witch down a
vein is set free eventually
the horny two hug passionately and
express their love to each other
thanks to the non-hormone hug a strong
power is activated out of a vein
which finally kills the dark witch after
picking up the gemstone
he is astonished to see it slowly turns
into a ruby
the mom the missing princess of
stormhold says that handsome is the
rightful heir to the king of stormhole
because he has recolored the ruby thanks
to that
the wandering spirits of the seven
princes are set free
hanson's mom is a free person now since
her master
the red hair which is dead at a
coronation ceremony
handsome is crowned to be the new king
with his queen of vain sitting next to
him
and his parents reunion of love
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out